Alternative Banking Group - Meeting Notes 9/1

Report Back - 29/8/2013 HSBC Protest
	Listened to speeches in front of library 

	Reuters and American Banker were there
		Two Huffington ton Post Write ups

	15-20 alt banking people
	~50 watching
		Some were asking questions which is what we really want

	Well run, well organized

	Walked over to front of HSBC
		LaRouche was there and we didn't want to be associated with them
		If people were interested in what we were doing, they would be confused
		Obama Hitler mustache really off putting to people passing by 

Book Content
	occupyfinancebook.wordpress.com

	Group members have written and edited the book together

	The Real Life Impact of Financialization on the 99%
	How We Got Here
	Things to do.

	Writer of howtogetridofyourunwanteddebt.com offered book
		Maybe Carl should get in contact with Cathy and Josh

	Press release being authored

	Press conference on release of book on the day of might not be best, then people won't know

	10 AM time for conference
		Logistics meeting on S17 taking place now
		Lots going on and don't want to overlap with anything else


Proposal for Petitions

Federal Agencies Related actions

Justice Department Sues B of A
	Wedding dress suit?
	Only 850 million
	Not right when they are making so much money

	Maybe we should do letters to the editors?
	It helps if different people are sending and editing them

	A wiki would be helpful

	How can this process be streamlined? Hearing from everybody can be time consuming
		2 or 3 people write it, then bring it to the whole group

		People writing the books will probably transition to that

Summers Appointment
	Fed appointment is important
		One small example:
		http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/21/business/a-shuffle-of-aluminum-but-to-banks-pure-gold.html
	
	Already groups forming against Summers
		Not just banking, women groups 
		His logic also applies to people of color
			World Bank memo on polluting Africa

	Why is Obama appointing?
		He is a lame a duck
		Would letters to the editor be effective?

	Would Yellen be a better choice?
		Vice President of Fed now
		Highly qualified and progressive women
		Plenty of reason why Summers is bad, but what is the best alternative  

	Should we be trying to get rid of the Federal Reserver instead?
		They will still be creating money regardless of who is running it

	Dec 23 is the 100 year anniversary of the Fed
		Right wingers want to abolish the fed
		Can we reach out to the tea party

Press release v. letters to the editor?
	They would be two different things


Current Events
	Most important issues and our stance

	Assign a writer

	Chance to comment (via email because of time constraints)

Need a faster process for letters to the editor
	Assign people to cover papers they read regulatory 
	Direct would be blog comments to newspapers

Better youtube presence?


Actions:
	Ballot initiative in New York
		Voters can pass laws, even if the consul and mayor don't want them
		Only requires 30,000 signatures
		But city charter consul can change the text
			This will have to be litigated/text gathered twice

		Lets pass a law to require student loans to be condemned 
		Don't allow bank to deposit money in HSBC

		Even if they don't pass, it will get attention and raise awareness

		Can we incorporate this into S17

Is sidewalk chalk illegal

